[FLINK-26159][doc] add description for MAX_FETCH_RECORD related question (#18781)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/connectors/datastream/pulsar.md

and your problem might be independent of Flink and sometimes can be solved by upgrading Pulsar brokers,
reconfiguring Pulsar brokers or reconfiguring Pulsar connector in Flink.

> ### Source stop reading records for about 10s when data volume is small

Reviewer: Will you also add this section to the Chinese documentation?

Author: Sure.

> When source connector read from a low volume topic, users might observe a 10s interval between 
> messages. Pulsar source by default buffers messages from pulsar topic before emitting to downstream
> operators until either buffered records has reached `PulsarSourceOptions.PULSAR_MAX_FETCH_RECORDS` 
> or waiting time has reached `PulsarSourceOptions.PULSAR_MAX_FETCH_TIME` (whichever comes first).
> When data volumes is small, e.g, 4 records per second, source will wait  `PULSAR_MAX_FETCH_TIME` 
> (default to 10s) before emit the records. Change either of the 2 options if you want to avoid this 
> behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Pulsar source connector reads from a low volume topic, users might observe a 10 seconds delay between messages. Pulsar buffers messages from topics by default. Before emitting to downstream
operators, the number of buffered records must be equal or larger than `PulsarSourceOptions.PULSAR_MAX_FETCH_RECORDS`. If the data volume is low, it could be that filling up the number of buffered records takes longer than `PULSAR_MAX_FETCH_TIME` (default to 10 seconds). If that's the case, it means that only after this time has passed the messages will be emitted. 

To avoid this behaviour, you need to change either the buffered records or the waiting time. 
```
